Update README.md (#167)
infinum/eightshift-docs: README.md

To run docs locally:

> 1. Clone this repo,
> 2. Run `npm install` inside the `websites` folder,
> 3. Run `npm start` also inside the `websites` folder.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repo
2. Navigate to `websites` folder inside the repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`
```

This would be even clearer

Reviewer: This is better, yeah

> 

Author: Please see my alternative suggestion to this.
